A NETFLIX ORIGINAL ANIME SERIES
LIMBHAD - I
[owl hooting]
[wind howling]
[boy panting]
[tires screech]
[weather vane squeaking]
[high-pitched ringing]
[dog sniffing]
[dog barking]
[dog whimpering]
[menacing music playing]
[dog continues whimpering]
[tires skidding]
-[owl hooting]
-[boy panting]
Joker?
[weather vane squeaking]
-[door creaks]
-Dad?
Huh?
[television static buzzing]
[boy] Dad?
Dad!
Dad, wake up! Please!
Wake up!
Mom, come downstairs!
Mom!
Something happened to dad! [pants]
[sinister music playing]
[thud]
[boy] Mom!
Leave her alone!
[boy panting] [footsteps approaching]
[in unknown language] Shin-met-yu-him!
[boy screams]
[boy grunting]
-[he groans]
-[icy wind blows]
-[footsteps approaching]
-[boy] Huh?
I was looking for you.
[boy breathing heavily]
[groaning in terror]
Huh?
[boy] I'm going to die.
[sword swooshing]
-[swords clanking]
-[man grunting]
[man continues grunting]
[man yells]
[in unknown language] Shin-met-yu-him!
[boy screams]
-[loud explosion]
-[man grunting]
[in unknown language] Karash tebak, Alsan!
[all groaning]
[glass shards clatter]
Bring the woman.
[inhales deeply]
[sighs deeply]
[ominous music playing]
[shrieking roar]
No!
[panting heavily]
It was just a nightmare.
[cell phone beeping]
[groans]
Hmm...
[arcade game beeping]
Hmm.
-[footsteps approaching]
-[boy] Huh?
You!
[boy panting]
[stutters]
I saw you earlier... in my house.
Tell me, what happened to my parents?
I'm sorry.
We didn't get there in time
and couldn't save them.
No...
Good grief, no!
No!
[grunts]
[groans]
[boy groaning]
Let go of me!
Let me leave!
[sobs] Why?
All I can say is we will protect you
and fight to avoid more deaths.
[in unknown language]
Dis-namae kon, Alsan.
[boy sighs]
More deaths?
[sobbing] I don't understand. Who are you?
I'm Shail and my friend is Alsan.
He doesn't speak your language.
And who are you?
[sobs] I'm Jack.
We want to help you, Jack.
[Jack continues sobbing]
It's normal you're this worked up
after what's happened.
And exactly what's happened?
Are you going to explain to me?
You really don't know
where your parents came from?
[Jack sniffling]
My father was English,
my mother was Danish.
Is that what you mean?
We come from a place now ruled by...
a wicked tyrant.
He's sent Kirtash
to find those who got away.
People like us, exiles.
He tracks them down
and when he finds them, he kills them.
But my parents
didn't come from that place.
Perhaps they did and you don't know.
We must investigate.
[Shail] We are rebels,
fighting for the freedom of our country,
trying to stop Kirtash killing our people.
But he sometimes gets there before we do.
[Shail] He's only 15,
but he's already killed
many of our people.
He's been trained to be the best.
He's fast, cold, and deadly as a scorpion.
The guy who was with him is called Elrion,
and he's just as ruthless.
[Jack continues sobbing]
I must go back home!
[Shail] Wait.
If you go back, Kirtash will kill you.
This is the only place he can't find you.
[Jack sniffling]
[microwave dings]
[Jack gasps]
-[cat snarls]
-[girl sipping]
[gasps]
-[in unknown language] Alibhad-di!
-Eh...
I'm sorry. I don't understand you.
[amulet chimes ethereally]
[girl] Yohin-na...
Do you understand me now?
[Jack] Yes, but... what is this?
It's a good-luck charm for communication.
As long as you wear it,
you'll speak and understand Idhunese.
-[cat purring]
-[girl] Keep it. I don't need it anymore.
That way you'll understand Alsan -
he only speaks Idhunese.
Hmm?
[huffs]
Why are you looking at me like that?
What have I said?
A "magic" charm?
You're kidding, aren't you?
-Of course not! [gasps]
-Victoria! What have you told him?
You said you were going to talk to him.
He's one of us, isn't he?
Eh, not exactly.
So why have you brought him then?
Because Kirtash attacked him.
Then he's one of us for sure.
-Uh, I'm still not sure about that.
-[growls] You're all nuts!
Let me through.
At some point, you'll have
to explain things to him, won't you?
[panting]
[Victoria] Do you think he left?
[Shail]
If he has, he couldn't have gone very far.
[sighs]
[door creaking]
[whispers] Wow!
I wish there was more light.
[gasps]
Who's there?
Huh?
Hmm.
Whoa.
Huh?
Boy, oh boy.
-[gasps]
-[electrical crackling]
[murmurs nervously]
[groaning]
[pained grunts]
[glass shattering]
[screams]
[terrified murmuring]
Help!
[nervous cries to relieved sigh]
[laughing]
Wow!
[continues laughing]
[rumbling growl]
[roars]
[Jack laughs]
Huh?
[ominous music playing]
[electrical crackling]
[pained screech]
[Jack] Oh... no.
[dragons screeching]
[Jack panting]
-[shrieking roar]
-[Jack] Huh? What?
-[shrieking roars]
-[Jack gasps] Oh, no.
[serpent shrieks]
-[serpent shrieks]
-[dragon groans]
-[Victoria] Jack!
-[Jack] Huh?
[serpent shrieks]
-[Jack screaming]
-Jack!
[Jack groaning]
-[gasps] Are you all right?
-[Jack groans]
[stutters] What was that?
You touched the table, didn't you?
That's enough to set Alma's power working.
I hate serpents.
Did you see... serpents?
[Jack] Gigantic serpents in a red sky.
That means the Soul showed you
what happened in Idhun.
Idhun?
That's what our world is called.
What you saw happened three years ago,
when Ashran used the alignment
to exterminate all dragons
and unicorns and seize power...
and the sheks invaded Idhun.
-The sheks?
-The winged serpents.
[Jack] I saw those monsters before,
in my dreams.
[faint shriek]
[Jack] But they can't be real.
The same thing happened to me.
I'd thought so too.
I couldn't remember anything.
But when the Soul
showed me images of Idhun,
I felt like I knew it from before.
Mm... is this a virtual reality projector,
or something of the sort?
No.
It's a communication channel
with the Soul of Limbhad,
created by the first magicians
who got here centuries ago.
[scoffs] Wait...
are you seriously talking about wizards?
Limbhad has always been a safe haven
for all of the magicians who in their day
had to escape Idhun
for one reason or another.
There isn't any more magic left on Earth,
but Idhun is filled with it.
Here in Limbhad,
we have the best of both worlds.
Our appliances run on magic.
So, you're telling me
that right now we are in another world?
Mm-hmm. Come. I'll show you.
In ancient Idhunese,
Limbhad means "The House on the Border".
It's called that because
it's located between Idhun and Earth.
You see this forest?
It's where Limbhad ends.
It's always night
because time stands still here.
Look...
it's a really cool story,
but it's not real.
And besides, it has nothing to do with me.
I wish that were true, Jack,
but the thing is,
Kirtash attacked your family
and that means that it's possible
they were Idhunese who fled to Earth
because Ashran is using Kirtash
to murder them all.
All right, cut it out. I've heard enough.
I'm going home
whether you all like it or not.
I will find my own way back.
[Jack grunts]
Jack, wait!
-[crunch]
-[Jack groans]
-[continues groaning]
-[Victoria] Are you hurt?
Jack! Jack, come back!
[Jack continues groaning]
[gasps]
[whispers] Whoa!
[ethereal music playing]
[liquid sound]
Ah!
[grunts]
[growls]
[groaning]
[cell phone beeping]
[muffled beeping]
[Jack sobbing]
[Jack] So...
if all of this is true...
Kirtash murdered my parents
because he thought they were magicians,
runaway magicians from Idhun.
[Victoria] It would seem so.
[sniffling]
You see, when someone uses magic on Earth,
he can sense it.
Then...
my parents' death was my fault.
They were just regular people...
whereas I...
sometimes things happen to me
that have to do with fire.
[moans]
[Jack] Recently, I've been having dreams
like what I saw in the library.
And last night, when I woke up...
[shrieking roar]
[he gasps]
...my parents put the fire out in time,
but my room was totally torched.
Today at school,
I knew something wasn't right at home.
When I got back, they were already...
[sobbing]
I thought that
there had to be a logical explanation,
but if what I did was magic,
and if Kirtash sensed it,
then it was my fault!
-[Victoria] Hey.
-[Jack yelps]
Be careful. If you carry on like this,
you'll hurt yourself more.
Let me help you.
[Jack] Huh?
[Jack gasps]
Whoa!
My ankle doesn't hurt at all anymore.
Hey, how did you do that?
Are you also one of these Idhun magicians?
[chuckles] No, I was born on Earth.
I don't know if my parents were Idhunese
because I never got to know them.
Don't be afraid.
I live with my grandmother who adopted me.
Shail, who really is a magician,
says that I also have powers.
He is teaching me how to use them.
[Jack] Wait a second.
What if Kirtash detects your magic
and he finds us, huh?
Don't worry.
We know that the Soul
will never let him enter here.
The Soul?
It's the spirit guarding Limbhad.
-[Alsan clears throat]
-[both gasp]
I've been looking everywhere
for both of you.
I don't believe
I introduced myself properly.
My name is Alsan.
I am the prince
and heir to the kingdom of Vanissar,
and leader of the Resistance.
You're really a prince?
I came to Earth
in order to try to save our world.
But first and foremost,
we must stop Kirtash
and prevent him
from killing any more of our people.
[Alsan sighs]
I'm sorry we did not arrive in time
to save your family.
If I can't go home,
what will I do now?
I can train you so that you are able
to defend yourself if you want.
[sword swooshes]
This is Sumlaris the Invincible,
a legendary sword.
In the Limbhad armory,
there are other magical weapons
that I can teach you to wield
so that, at the very least,
you will have a chance against Kirtash.
[sword glistens]
For me, it's not enough
just to defend myself -
I want to defeat him.
Will you teach me?
My priority is keeping you safe.
The truth is
that we could really use another warrior.
Will you join our cause?
[Victoria giggles]
You guys can count on me.
[Alsan] Welcome to the Resistance.
All right, okay, so the boy escaped,
but ultimately, he was just a kid.
His parents, however,
are no longer a threat.
The parents don't matter.
The boy was our target and you knew that.
Perhaps I didn't make it clear, Elrion,
but in this mission,
I am the only one
who decides who lives and who dies.
And I'm warning you...
[ominous music playing]
...one more mistake
and I will dispense with you.
But Ashran sent me here to help you,
because you need a magician like me.
[Kirtash sighs]
I am perfectly capable of locating
our target without any sort of help.
But first, we must find the boy.
We cannot leave any loose ends.
So, for your own good,
I hope you are up to the task.
Is that clear?
Now, go and find some terrestrial clothes
and change into them at once.
Like this, you stand out too much.
[Kirtash] Wherever you go...
I will find you.
[ethereal music playing]